{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1254\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green44\blue46;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red57\green63\blue69;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c21599\c22777\c23534;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99985;\cssrgb\c21569\c22745\c23529;
\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c28627\c31373\c34118;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww25100\viewh18760\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Questions:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \ulnone \
\cb5 1. Write a query that displays InvoiceId, CustomerId and total dollar amount for each invoice, sorted first by CustomerId (in ascending order), and then by total dollar amount\'a0 (in descending order).\cb1 \
\cb5 2. Write a query that displays InvoiceId, CustomerId and total dollar amount for each invoice, but this time sorted first by total dollar amount (in descending order), and then by CustomerId (in ascending order).\cb1 \
\cb5 3.\'a0Compare the results of these two queries above. How are the results different when you switch the column you sort on first? (Explain it in your own words.)\cb1 \
\cb5 4. Write a query to pull the first 10 rows and all columns from the invoices table that have a dollar amount of total greater than or equal to 10.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 5.\'a0Write a query to pull the first 5 rows and all columns from the invoices table that have a dollar amount of total less than 10.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 6. Find all track names that start with 'B' and end with 's'.\cb1 \
\
\cb5 7.\'a0Use the invoices\'a0table to find all information regarding invoices whose billing address is USA or Germany or Norway or Canada\'a0and invoice date is at any point in 2010, sorted from newest to oldest.\
\

\f0\b \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 My answers:
\f1\b0 \cf4 \cb5 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SELECT InvoiceId, CustomerId, total FROM invoices ORDER BY total DESC, CustomerId ASC;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
SELECT InvoiceId, CustomerId, total FROM invoices ORDER BY CustomerId ASC,  total DESC;\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the first code, we sorted the datas according to the total dollar amount from highest to lowest. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
And at the same time, the CustomerIds are in ascending form. \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I mean, in the same total dollar amount, the CustomerIds are sorted from first (lowest) to end (highest). \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl288\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb5          In the second query, it sorted first the CustomerIds from 1 to end, and then in this array, it sorted the total dollar amounts form highest to lowest. \cb1 \
\cb5    4.   SELECT * FROM invoices WHERE total >= 10;\cb1 \
\cb5    5.   SELECT * FROM invoices WHERE total <= 10 LIMIT 5;\cb1 \
\cb5    6.   SELECT * FROM albums WHERE Title LIKE "B%S";\cb1 \
\cb5    7.   SELECT * FROM invoices \cb1 \
\cb5          WHERE BillingCountry IN ('USA', 'Germany', 'Norway', 'Canada') \cb1 \
\cb5          AND InvoiceDate LIKE '2010%' \cb1 \
\cb5          ORDER BY InvoiceDate DESC;}